quantum_information package for Maxima copyright 2008 , John Lapeyre

This quantum information package for the Maxima computer
algebra system allows the manipulation of instances of
objects--- operators, vectors, tensors, etc.  that
appear in quantum information theory.  More precisely these
objects are typically represented in this package in a
particular basis as row and column vectors and matrices,
whose entries may be explicit numbers (of various classes)
or algebraic expressions. This software occupies a niche
distinct from high performance numerical linear algebra
software as well as software such as the Maxima tensor
packages that manipulate abstract mathematical objects.
This manual describes the functions and data in the
package and how to use them with Maxima, assuming that you
do not know much about Maxima, but do know quantum
information theory. However, most of the examples are also
found in introductory texts on quantum information.  The
package is intended for research and teaching in the theory
of entanglement and quantum information and related fields.

Maxima is free software available at
http://maxima.sourceforge.net/

It is pre-packaged  for most linux distributions. It runs under
linux, mac OS X, MS Windows.

This software is quite usable, but incomplete. For instance the manual
probably ends mid-sentence.

-----------
Installation

qinf.mac   -- the main file to be loaded.

log2.mac   -- put these in the same directory as qinf.mac
utils.mac

To use this package put the three files above in some directory and run Maxima and
give the command load("qinf.mac"). See the document in the doc subdirectory.

-------
application subdirectory
frompra.mac   -- some application. Some of this will be moved to qinf.mac

-------
cd to the test subdirectory before doing the following
rtest_qinf.mac -- run with batch("rtest_qinf.mac", test);

following are original test scripts. These need to be converted to
be used with batch(*,test). They are run via
load("test_ptrace.mac"), etc.

test_ptrace.mac 
test_qinf.mac

